The patient is a 24 yo, Caucasian female, height 170 cm, weight 40 kg, who was admitted for aborted SCD due to ventricular fibrillation associated with a symptomatic, generalized tonicclonic seizure. She required cardio-pulmonary resuscitation (CPR) with defibrillation (3 times) and intubation. ECG on admission showed QTprolongation (QTc according to Bazett: 650 ms) and low voltage. Blood chemical investigations revealed hypokalemia of 1.9 mmol/L (n, 3.5-5.1 mmol/L) . The individual history was positive for recurrent palpitations at age 9 and 10 y respectively. Since age 15 y she suffered from an eating disorder associated with habitually induced vomiting, and, according to her relatives, chronic ingestion of furosemide and laxatives.ced another episode of ventricular fibrillation, which was self-limiting and did not require CPR. Aborted SCD was complicated by heart failure, traumatic pneumothorax, pleural effusions requiring puncture, and pneumonia. Cardiac MRI was normal. One year prior to admission (age 23y), she experienced a non-triggered rhabdomyolysis resulting in acute renal failure. She also reported rare migrainous attacks since puberty. Further diagnostic work-up revealed mild transient anemia, mild thrombopenia, moderate renal insufficiency, mildly elevated liver parameters, and hyper-CK-emia with a nadir of 4553U/l on hospital day 3 . Quantitative urine electrolyte investigations were carried out twice. Potassium was normal twice. Sodium was reduced at the first investigation and normal at the second. Chlorides were reduced twice. During the further course ECG and most of the serum parameters normalized . Clinical neurologic investigation revealed mild diffuse wasting but was otherwise normal. The family history was positive for subarachnoid bleeding due to an aneurysm (grandfather from the mother's side), aortic Ventricular fibrillation from bulimia-J. Rl: reference limits, hd: hospital day, GFR: glomerular filtration rate, cK: creatine-kinase, GoT: glutamate oxalate trasnaminase, GPT: glutamate private transaminase, nd: not determined, abnormal results are in bold. aneurysm (grand aunt), and coronary atherosclerosis (grandfather from the father's side). She left the hospital upon her own request and earlier than recommended with the advice to regularly substitute potassium. She was also recommended to undergo computed tomography angiography to rule out cerebral aneurysm. No antiepileptic medication was prescribed. At age 25y (11/2013), she was doing well and was under regular control of her GP. 