A 35-year-old previously healthy man presented within 2 h of receiving a snake bite on his left ankle. The dead snake was brought to the emergency ward and identified as a viper. On examination, he had a fang mark on his left ankle and the site was slightly swollen and severely tender. In the emergency room, he was hemodynamically stable. A complete neurological examination was normal, and other systems examinations were also unremarkable. He was given prophylaxis against tetanus. A 20-min whole blood clotting test was positive for coagulopathy, the prothrombin time was 28 s (control: 12 s), and the activated partial thromboplastin time was 60 s (control: 33 s). A complete blood count, blood sugar, urea, creatinine, liver function tests, and electrolytes were normal. Urine examination revealed 10–12 erythrocytes per high-power field. On admission, an electrocardiogram (ECG) showed sinus arrest with junctional escape rhythm and retrograde P waves with a rate of 40 beats min À1 , suggestive of sinus node dysfunction . However, the patient remained hemodynamically stable. Serum troponin I was measured three times every 12 h and found to be normal. Echocardiography, chest radiography, and thyroid function tests were normal. The patient was given antisnake venom along with symptomatic and supportive treatment. He was put on a cardiac monitor in the intensive care unit under close observation. Cardiac pacing was not performed because he remained hemodynamically stable and asymptomatic, and the dysfunction was presumed to be transient.of antisnake venom over one day, the 20-min whole blood clotting test became normal. The prothrombin time and activated partial thromboplastin time were repeated the next day and found to be normal. The patient did not develop any overt bleeding during the course of admission. On the 3rd day after admission, a repeat ECG showed normal sinus rhythm . Repeat electrolytes, complete hemogram, chest radiograph, and echocardiogram were normal. The patient remained in junctional rhythm for approximately 72 h and then reverted to sinus rhythm spontaneously. He was discharged from the hospital without any residual complication. Holter monitoring was carried out after 15 days and found to be normal. 