Case 1 A 6-year-old Japanese girl was admitted to the hospital for evaluation of syncope and a markedly prolonged QT interval. She had a history of fetal bradycardia but had an uneventful birth. She had her first episode of syncope at the age of 19 A 5-year-old Japanese boy had an episode of syncope with seizure while running. Two months later, he had a similar episode and was evaluated in an emergency room. An ECG exhibited QTc prolongation (478 ms; ), whereas echocardiogram, electroencephalogram, and brain MRI were normal. He showed no developmental delay. There was no family history of arrhythmias or sudden death, and both parents ). This subject did not tolerate exercise testing because of dizziness. Genetic testing for mutations in KCNQ1, KCNH2, SCN5A, KCNE1, KCNE2, KCNJ2, and AKAP9 was negative. Treatment with propranolol alone or in combination with mexiletine shortened the QTc interval to 471 to 473 ms , but he continued to experience syncope and dizziness while running. The drugs were replaced with metoprolol at the age of 11 years. Subsequently, he had no further episodes of syncope, and there was normalization of the QTc (449 ms) with elimination of the notch in the descending limb of the T wave . A 29-year-old German woman, who was previously diagnosed with perinatal bradycardia and neonatal LQTS, had been treated with pindolol. Her family history was negative for cardiac arrest and sudden death. On β-blocker therapy, she remained asymptomatic until the age of 9 years when she suffered syncope while swimming after an interruption of therapy. At that time, there was evidence of exercise-induced polymorphic ventricular ectopy. She became asymptomatic for several years after resumption of treatment with various β-blockers (pindolol, propranolol, atenolol). Her resting ECG exhibited QT prolongation (465–578 ms) with persistent biphasic T waves in leads III, aVF, aVL, V3, and negative T waves in V4 to V6 . The patient never suffered seizures, and she had normal physical and mental development. At the age of 22 years, exerciseinduced polymorphic ventricular ectopy and one 3-beat run of polymorphic ventricular tachycardia was documented ( A Moroccan girl from a family with no history of cardiac arrhythmia was hospitalized at the age of 8 years after an episode of syncope associated with prolonged period of unconsciousness. At that time, she had a prolonged QTc interval (500 ms) with ventricular bigeminy. A Holter recording demonstrated prolonged QTc interval (ECG images were not available). Echocardiographic evaluation was normal. Both parents and 4 female siblings were asymptomatic. The subject wastreated with nadolol (40 mg per day) and she remained asymptomatic with QTc intervals ranging from 420 to 450 ms without ventricular ectopy. Unfortunately, she died suddenly at the age of 11 years while dancing at a wedding in Morocco. The initial diagnosis was LQTS, and later a diagnosis of CPVT was considered because of clinical circumstances and ventricular ectopy. No exercise stress test was performed. No neurological dysfunction was reported and a head computed tomographic scan was normal. Genetic testing was negative for KCNQ1, KCNH2, SCN5A, KCNE1, RYR2, CASQ2, and TRDN. A previously healthy white boy from England suffered cardiac arrest secondary to ventricular fibrillation at the age of 17 months, and he was promptly resuscitated. ECG showed bradycardia and a prolonged QTc interval (555 ms; ). There was no family history of cardiac arrhythmia, and both parents were healthy with normal QTc interval duration. There were no siblings. An ICD was placed soon after the cardiac arrest, and no discharges were documented over the ensuing 13 months. The subject was also treated with β-blockers. Genetic testing for mutations KCNQ1, KCNH2, SCN5A, KCNE1, and KCNE2 was negative. A summary of clinical features observed in the 5 cases is presented in 