A 75-year-old Japanese man was admitted to our hospital with palpitations. He denied any angina or dyspnea and had no history of diabetes mellitus, Kawasaki disease, vasculitis, sarcoidosis, or Chagas disease. His prescribed medications were atorvastatin (10 mg daily) for dyslipidemia along with carvedilol (10 mg daily) and verapamil (80 mg twice daily) for heart rate control. On physical examination, he had a blood pressure of 90/56 mmHg, a heart rate 120 bpm, and an oxygen saturation of 98% without oxygen. A 12-lead electrocardiogram showed a regular tachycardia of 120 bpm with incomplete left-bundle branch block. An inverted sawtooth F-wave pattern was observed in the inferior leads (II, III, and aVF) and an upright F-wave pattern was observed in lead V1 . Echocardiography showed the following: a slightly dilated left ventricle (LV) with an enddiastolic dimension of 56 mm, akinesia in the anterior and apical walls, severe hypokinesia in the other LV walls, and a decreased ejection fraction of 22.5% according to the modi, 563.3 pg/mL; total cholesterol, 87 mg/dL; and angiotensin-converting enzyme, 26.0 U/L. The results were negative for antinuclear antibody, myeloperoxidase-antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody, cytoplasmic antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody, lupus anticoagulant, anticardiolipin antibody, and anti-beta2-glycoprotein I antibody. An electrophysiological study revealed that the tachycardia was consistent with typical atrial flutter, and there was no accessory pathway. The tachycardia was terminated during cavotricuspid isthmus (CTI) ablation. We performed CAG to investigate the cause of cardiac dysfunction. CAG revealed multiple irregular filling defects and intraluminal haziness with the appearance of a spiral dissection lesion, ranging from the proximal to the middle segment of LAD ( , Supplementary material 1). TIMI-III flow was evident distal to the anomalous LAD segment. The left main (LM), the right coronary artery (RCA), and the left circumflex coronary (LCX) artery were normal. Grayscale IVUS was performed. Interestingly, the arterial lumen was divided into multiple thin channels in the proximal to middle segment of LAD, which then reassembled into a single lumen in the distal LAD segment after a slightly twisted course ( , Supplementary material 2). Although these multiple small channels rejoined the main lumen, they did not communicate with each other. We observed no thrombus or dissection flaps. Therefore, based on the IVUS and CTA findings, we diagnosed WCAA and did not perform percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). In 64-slice coronary CTA, curved multiplanar reconstruction of LAD also showed that the proximal LAD was divided into two major branches that bisected each other and fused distally in a " figure-eight " pattern. Cross-sectional images at the lesion site showed multiple, twisting small channels . The length of the woven segment was 37 mm. The Agatston coronary artery calcium score was as follows: LM, 0; LAD, 0; LCX, 6.10; RCA, 24.41; total, 30.52. 3.0-T contrast-enhanced, whole-heart CMRA was less clear than CTA . Cardiac stress myocardial perfusion testing was performed after CTI ablation in the sinus rhythm. Adenosine stress 99m Tc-tetrofosmin single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT; single-day protocol) revealed stress-induced ischemia and a fixed low uptake in the anterior and apical walls . The BNP level decreased to 108.2 pg/mL 1 month after CTI ablation, and the ejection fraction slightly improved to 32.2% of that estimated by the modified Simpson method. 