A 56-year-old Caucasian male with elevated lipids and smoking history presented to a peripheral hospital with an anterior ST elevation myocardial infarction. The patient developed pulseless ventricular tachycardia (VT) in the peripheral hospital emergency room for which he was successfully defibrillated to normal sinus rhythm after two attempts with 360 J. The total resuscitation period for the first arrest was 15 minutes. Prior to dispatch to the primary PCI center, the patient was started on parenteral amiodarone with a loading dose of 150 mg followed by 50 mg/hr. En route to the tertiary care hospital with PCI capabilities, the patient suffered a second cardiac arrest with pulseless VT/VF. Immediate CPR was initiated by the paramedics prior to arrival at the primary PCI centre. In the ER, the patient required intubation and 40 minutes of CPR with incessant VF refractory to defibrillation and anti-arrhythmic therapy. Specifically, the patient received a total of 4 mg of epinephrine and a total of 7 defibrillation shocks (360 J each). He also received lidocaine 100 mg and amiodarone 150 mg loading doses followed by infusions of both anti-arrhythmic agents. He was started on lidocaine 2 mg/min and continued on the amiodarone 50 mg/hr intravenously. Due to his young age and witnessed arrest, a decision was made to initiate ECMO for hemodynamic support in the emergency department. Peripheral veno-arterial ECMO access was obtained using 17 size French (F) arterial cannula and 24/29 F venous cannula (Cook Medical, Bloomington, IN). A Maquet Rotaflow centrifugal pump and a Quadrox oxygenation system were used to complete the ECMO circuit (Masquet, Rastaat, Germany) as shown in . The patient was anti-coagulated with heparin during the ECMO procedure aiming for a PTT of 59–99. The total down time for the second cardiac arrest was 40 minutes until the establishment of ECMO in the cath lab. His initial laboratory investigations demonstrated severe acidosis with a pH of 6.9, lactate of 10 mmol/L, and elevated liver enzymes consistent with shock liver. On ECMO support, the patient was taken for urgent cardiac catheterization which confirmed a 90% thrombotic lesion in the distal left main, 80% disease in the mid left anterior descending artery (LAD), and 90% disease in the first obtuse marginal (OM) with a dominant right coronary artery free of any obstructive lesions . A 3 mm × 8 mm Xience V (Abbott Vascular, Illinois, US) drug eluting stent (DES) was used for the distal left main, 2.5 × 15 mm Xience DES (Abbott Vacular, Illinois, US) for the mid LAD, and a 2.5 × 38 mm Endeavor DES (Medtronic, Minnesota, US) for the first OM with successful angiographic results . An attempt to completely revascularize both culprit and non-culprit coronary lesions was performed as the patient was in cardiogenic shock. The patient remained in refractory VF throughout the entire PCI procedure . Upon complete percutaneous revascularization, a single defibrillation shock restored the patient to normal sinus rhythm after 60 minutes of refractory VF . The patient received therapeutic hypothermia for neuro-protection in the intensive care unit. After 48 hours post PCI, the patient was taken off ECMO support. Although his initial transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) revealed a left ventricularejection fraction (LVEF) of less than 20% with global hypokinesis, at day 9 post PCI, the LVEF improved to greater than 50%. The creatinine kinase and high sensitivity troponin T peaked at 3251 U/L and 4130 ng/L, respectively. The patient was discharged home 10 days later without any neurologic deficits. 