A 66-year-old female patient was admitted for ablation of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) after mitral valve replacement in 2001. The patient had thyrotoxicosis after amiodarone and severe QT prolongation on sotalol. Propafenon was ineffective. Her underlying rhythm was sinus bradycardia (45– 50/min). Because atrial fibrillation was conducted very rapidly to the ventricles at a rate up to 200 beats/min, the patient decided to have radiofrequency (RF) ablation before eventual pacemaker implantation. The first attempt at PVI using RF ablation failed because IVC discontinuation was encountered. On venography, AV continuation of the IVC that drained into the SVC was observed. Electrophysiological examination using steerable 4-and 10-pole electrodes inserted in the bundle of His region and coronary sinus (CS), respectively, showed normal parameters and no other ablatable causes of PAF. The next attempt was considered after magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to establish the best technique for PVI. The MRI showed AV continuation of the IVC and no other connection between the IVC and right atrium . There were four PVs (17–23 mm in diameter) separately draining to the slightly dilated (43 mm) left atrium (LA). Because there was optimal PV anatomy, we decided to attempt balloon cryoablation. The procedure requires only a single transseptal puncture (TP), and the deflectable sheath used for cryoablation was anticipated to be helpful. After written informed consent was obtained, the procedure was performed under general anaesthesia with midazolam, fentanyl, and propofol. Deflectable electrodes were inserted into the bundle of His region and CS via right femoral vein cannulation. The transoesophageal echocardiographic probe (TEE) positioned in the oesophagus revealed a normal septum with a small oblique patent foramen ovale and confirmed that the LA appendage was free from embolic material. Ablation was performed on anticoagulation (INR 2.2) with warfarin, which is a standard procedure in our center. 