Five days before admission, a 45-year-old Japanese woman who had been receiving antihypertensive therapy (doxazosin 1 mg/day) for 3 years presented with epigastric pain on inspiration. She was admitted to another hospital due to fever with temperatures above 38°C and complete atrioventricular block (65 beats/minute). Neither she nor her family members had any history of upper respiratory tract infection. There was no other history of cardiorespiratory complaints. There was no familial history of any serious diseases. Physical examination revealed the following; blood pressure 154/72 mmHg, pulse 55 regular beats per min, and fever (38.4°C). A cardiovascular examination revealed a Levine II/ VI systolic murmur at the apex. The initial laboratory examination revealed a white blood cell count of 15,900/µL, C-reactive protein (CRP) 23.2 mg/dL, brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) 162 pg/mL, and troponin T, negative. Other biochemical parameters were within normal limits. A chest X-ray showed no cardiomegaly. The electrocardiogram analysis revealed complete atrioventricular block with junctional escape rhythm (46 beats/minute) . Echocardiography showed normal findings except for mild mitral regurgitation and cardiac effusion (8 mm). She was given cefozopran hydrochloride intravenously atADULT-ONSET RHEUMATIC FEVER WITH AV BLOCK a dose of 1 g every 12 hours, but she continued to have fever, epigastric pain on inspiration, and a high level of CRP. Next, we put her on loxoprofen sodium because pericarditis was diagnosed based on the presence of mild cardiac effusion. The day after the initiation of loxoprofen sodium, her temperature and symptoms were alleviated. The CRP level was also markedly improved. The complete atrioventricular block was also intermittently alleviated, but she experienced syncope due to transient complete atrioventricular block with ventricular pause longer than 8 seconds. Therefore, on the 9th hospital day, a temporary pacemaker was inserted. On the 18th hospital day, we stopped the loxoprofen sodium because the symptoms and inflammation reaction had resolved (CRP 1.2 mg/dL). The next day, the fever and complete atrioventricular block recurred. Moreover, the patient developed polyarthritis involving mainly the left knee, left elbow, and right ankle joints, which was severe enough to limit movement. She was thus transferred to our hospital. Sarcoidosis was suspected because it is one of the most common diseases that may induce complete atrioventricular block, especially at a young age. However, laboratory examination revealed lysozyme 5.2 µg/mL (5.0–10.2), Ca 8.5 mg/ dL, and angiotensin-1-converting enzyme 10.3 mU/mL (8.3– 21.4). Chest computed tomography showed no bilateral hilar lymphadenopathy or pulmonary lesion. Cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging showed normal findings. Gallium-67 citrate scintigraphy showed significant uptake only in the left knee. For this reason, sarcoidosis was ruled out in this case. Systemic autoimmune disease was also suspected because fever, a high level of CRP (16 mg/dL), pericarditis, polyarthritis, and atrioventricular block developed. The test results for rheumatic factors and autoantibodies related to systemic lupus erythematosus and antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (ANCA)-associated vasculitis diseases were negative. Antistreptolysin O (ASO) and antistreptokinase (ASK) levels were particularly elevated (ASO 2420 U/mL , ASK 5120 times ). Although the patient had no history of upper respiratory tract infection, it was clear that she had a history of hemolytic streptococcus infection. A diagnosis of rheumatic fever was made according to the modified Jones criteria. We restarted the administration of loxoprofen sodium. In addition, we put her on amoxicillin (AMPC) 750 mg to prevent a secondary hemolytic streptococcus infection. On the 39th hospital day, we removed the temporary pacemaker because we were afraid of a blood stream infection and stable junctional rhythm (HR 50-60/minute) was maintained. However, she experienced syncope due to transient complete atrioventricular block with ventricular pause longer than 10 seconds . On the 49th hospital day, because she was afebrile and her CRP level was as low as 2.5 mg/dL, a dual chamber permanent pacemaker was implanted. The loxoprofen sodium treatment was continued. The inflammatory reaction improved but did not become negative (CRP 2.5 mg/dL). On the 60th hospital day, we decided to start prednisolone (PSL) 60 mg/ day. She was also prescribed aspirin instead of loxoprofen sodium because aspirin is the generally recommended drug for acute rheumatic fever. On the 64th hospital day, the level of CRP was improved (0.2 mg/dL). We decreased the dosage of PSL by 10 mg every 2 weeks . At 5 months after the onset of acute rheumatic fever, almost all of the ventricular beats were fusion comprising intrinsic atrioventricular conduction and pacing and when we changed to a longer atrioventricular delay (250 msec), ventricular pacing was inhibited. At 12 months after the onset, the percentage of ventricular pacing was kept as low as 22%. However, the percentage of ventricular pacing was finally increased and at 20 months after the onset, she became dependent on ventricular pacing and pacemaker check-up showed complete atrioventricular block. At 26 months post-onset, we decided to restart PSL at 50 mg/day. However, the conduction disturbance did not improve. Because the patient exhibited side effects such as weight gain, glucose tolerance disorder, and hypertension, we did not continue the PSL . We have not observed any other signs suggesting valvular disease during the 3 years of follow-up.) using the key words " block " and " rheumatic fever. " We found 7 cases with complete atrioventricular block due to adult-onset rheumatic fever in Japan and 5 such cases in other developed countries (OBA, ET AL (8.3%). Eleven of these 12 patients were male. The duration of complete atrioventricular block varied from a few minutes to 5 days. The duration of a prolonged PR interval on the electrocardiogram ranged from several minutes to 2 months. Although temporary pacemaker implantation was necessary in 5 cases (41.7%), no case required a permanent pacemaker. Five cases were treated with PSL (41.7%), 4 with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (33.3%), and one with a combination of PSL and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (8.3%). In two cases, the treatment was unknown (16.7%). The duration of complete atrioventricular block did not differ significantly according to treatment. In 11 of the 12 cases, an ele 