A 72-year-old Japanese man was transferred to our hospital after recovering from ventricular fibrillation treated by using AED. He had suddenly collapsed during a walk without any symptoms in the early morning, and an AED had been used to perform defibrillation after a ). Although the patient was in a coma at admission, his consciousness markedly improved after he received hypothermal therapy and brain-protecting drugs. He had been medicated for hypertension in another hospital and had never complained of chest symptoms. Several months before this event, he had experienced transient syncope without chest symptoms. At that time, no abnormal findings were detected in a treadmill exercise test or during Holter recording, which had been performed at another hospital. After he was admitted to our hospital, electrocardiography showed no abnormality . Further, echocardiography and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) showed no wall motion abnormality and no structural heart disease. Delayed enhancement in the myocardium was also not observed in the cardiac MRI. Tc-99m myocardial single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) showed no perfusion abnormality, and quantitative gated SPECT revealed a left ventricular ejection fraction value of 66%. Holter recording and continuous electrocardiographic monitoring performed for >2 weeks showed no apparent ventricular arrhythmia. Myocardial imaging using I-123 MIBG was performed 20 days after admission. With the patient in the supine position at rest, 111MBq of I-123 MIBG was intravenously administered. An initial image was obtained 20 minutes after the intravenous injection, and a delayed scan was obtained 4 hours later. Decreased uptake of I-123 MIBG was observed in the inferolateral and anteroseptal walls of the left ventricle ; therefore, cardiac catheterization was planned. Coronary angiography did not reveal any severe organic stenosis in either the right or left coronary artery . A spasm provocation test was subsequently performed. Ergonovine (10μg) was initially injected into the right coronary artery for 4 minutes. After the injection, severe coronary artery spasm was induced with ST elevation in the inferior leads . Despite the ST elevation, the patient did not complain of any chest symptoms. Moreover, to try to prevent secondary brain damage due to malignant ventricular arrhythmia during the ergonovine provocation test, an intracoronary injection of nitrate (3mg of isosorbide dinitrate) was provided to resolve the provoked coronary artery spasm after the ST elevation was confirmed. Silent coronary artery spasm was diagnosed. Administration of a calcium defibrillation Electrocardiogram obtained during the use of an automated external defibrillator. Ventricular fibrillation was detected, and defibrillation therapy was performed using an automated external defibrillator. channel blocker and nitrate was initiated, and a cardioverter defibrillator was implanted to provide secondary prevention. 