A 60-y-old man visited our emergency room with massive hemoptysis (7 expectorations of 30 –50 mL of blood during the previous 6 h). He had undergone 2 radiofrequency catheter ablation procedures 4 and 2 y ago at the left superior and inferior pulmonary veins due to refractory atrial fibrillation. About 1 y before admission, chest computed tomography of the pulmonary veins, performed during routine follow-up after radiofrequency catheter ablation, showed stenosis of the left superior and inferior pulmonary veins . At that time, he did not receive additional diagnostic workup or treatment because he had no symptoms. On physical examination, the patient was alert and in no distress. His body temperature was 36.2°C, blood pressure was 132/84 mm Hg, pulse was 77 beats/min with a regular rhythm, and breathing frequency was 18 breaths/min. Inspiratory crackles and bronchial breathing sounds were heard in the left lower chest field. A complete blood count revealed 9,100 white blood cells/L (neutrophils, 87%), 12.7 g/dL hemoglobin, and 239,000 platelets/L. His C-reactive protein concentration was 0.94 mg/dL. Routine chemical laboratory data and arterial blood gas analysis were all within the normal range. Compared with the previous chest computed tomography scan taken 1 y earlier, his chest computed tomography showed aggravated pulmonary vein stenosis of the left superior and inferior pulmonary veins. Moreover, it alsorevealed findings indicative of adjacent variceal vascular dilatation caused by pulmonary vein stenosis . Based on these clinical and radiologic findings, the patient was diagnosed with severe pulmonary vein stenosis after radiofrequency catheter ablation, which was considered to be the cause of the massive hemoptysis. Bronchial artery angiography was first performed to control the massive hemoptysis. However, only prophylactic gel foam embolization was performed on the pulmonary artery due to the lack of an identifiable active bleeding focus. Because he had shown recurrent hemoptysis after hospital admission, stent insertion was attempted at the site of the severe pulmonary vein stenosis on hospital day 6. However, pulmonary vein rupture occurred after the attempted stent insertion, resulting in cardiac arrest due to cardiac tamponade. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was performed with emergent pericardiocentesis. After recovering his cardiac rhythm in 10 min, venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was established. We then decided to perform a left pneumonectomy because his pulmonary venography showed severe organized chronic obstruction of both the left superior and inferior pulmonary veins, suggesting that stent insertion could not be performed. Because his vital signs stabilized, extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was terminated 28 h after initiation. On hospital day 10, he underwent a left pneumonectomy. The gross pathologic specimen showed a thrombus . Chest computed tomography 1 y before admission showed stenosis of the left superior (A) and left inferior (B) pulmonary vein following radiofrequency catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation. . A: Chest computed tomography showed near total occlusion of the left inferior pulmonary vein. B: Variceal dilatation, congestion, and edema formation secondary to pulmonary vein obstruction were also noted.in the superior and inferior pulmonary veins . He tolerated the operation well and was subsequently discharged on hospital day 63 after extensive rehabilitation. No hemoptysis relapse was observed during a 6-month follow-up after treatment completion. In addition, he showed good functional capacity and quality of life. 