A 26-year-old man presented to the trauma resuscitation room at the Government Medical College and Hospital, Chandigarh, India, after a fall from a height of 10 m. During initial assessment and physical examination (Advanced Trauma Life Support protocol), there were no clinical signs of life-threatening injuries. Initial neurological examination revealed paraparesis, with loss of pain and temperature sensation below the level of T4 dermatome. Cranial nerve functions and higher mental functions were found to be normal. Plain radiography and computed tomography (CT) of the spine in the anteroposterior and lateral views revealed a compression fracture of the T4 and T5 vertebrae. A spinal fusion surgery via the anterolateral approach under general anaesthesia was planned by the orthopaedic surgeons. In the operating room, the patient was premedicated with glycopyrrolate and fentanyl. Anaesthesia was induced using intravenous (IV) propofol and tracheal intubation facilitated by IV vecuronium bromide. Anaesthesia was maintained using a rate-controlled IV infusion of propofol, vecuronium and fentanyl with 50% oxygen in the air. During the surgical intervention, a blood loss of 3.5 L occurred, which was managed well using fluids and blood products. The surgery lasted for approximately six hours and the patient was haemodynamically stable throughout the surgical procedure. Postoperatively, the patient was shifted to the intensive care unit (ICU) owing to hypothermia, and was extubated after six hours. On Day 2 in the ICU, the patient developed difficulty in breathing and excessive cough with expectoration. On auscultation, there were coarse crepitations in the right middle zone of the chest. Chest radiography showed a heterogeneous opacity in the right middle zone. Suspecting pneumonia, tracheal aspirate was sent for culture and the patient was started on empirical broad-spectrum antibiotics (co-amoxiclav 1.25 g q 8 hours and amikacin 500 mg q 12 hours IV). Noninvasive ventilation was initiated on the bilevel positive airway pressure mode. On Day 3 of ICU stay, the patient's condition deteriorated further. He became dyspnoeic and drowsy, and arterial blood gas analysis showed severe respiratory acidosis. His trachea was immediately intubated and the ventilatory support adjusted to the synchronised intermittent mandatory ventilation (SIMV ) mode. He had a sudden episode of pulseless ventricular tachycardia (VT). Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was initiated and the patient was successfully revived after 10 minutes. Severe hyperkalaemia was found to be the precipitating cause of VT and immediate corrections were made. After successful resuscitation following cardiac arrest, the patient was kept on full ventilatory support (SIMV ABSTRACT Paroxysmal autonomic instability with dystonia (PAID) appears to be a unique syndrome following brain injury. It can echo many life-threatening conditions, making its early recognition and management a challenge for intensivists. A delay in early recognition and subsequent management may result in increased morbidity, which is preventable in affected patients. Herein, we report the case of a patient who was diagnosed with PAID syndrome following prolonged cardiac arrest, and discuss the pathophysiology, clinical presentation and management of this rare and under-recognised clinical entity.support was reduced, as he was able to take a few respiratory efforts although his sensorium was still altered. No muscle rigidity or autonomic instability was observed during this period. Later, his chest condition and sensorium improved, and he was found to be comfortable on the ventilator. On Day 6 in the ICU, the patient suddenly became restless and anxious. He had paroxysms of severe hypertension, tachycardia and diaphoresis during which he became tachypnoeic and developed high-grade fever. He also had generalised dystonic movements that subsided spontaneously after the paroxysms. On average, the patient had 2–3 paroxysms a day, each lasting approximately 30 minutes. A provisional diagnosis of PAID syndrome was made based on the typical clinical symptoms observed in the patient and investigated further. CT and magnetic resonance (MR) imaging were done during the patient's ICU stay (on the tenth day after cardiac arrest) after his clinical condition was stable. CT showed slightly diffuse hypodensities in the periventricular white matter, with normal grey/white matter interface. MR images showed mild cerebral atrophy with ventricular dilatation that was consistent with CT findings. These changes were suggestive of hypoxic insult to the brain during the prolonged resuscitation efforts, (4) and were probably the cause of the discrete symptoms and signs evident in the patient. In the meantime, the patient was tracheostomised due to difficulty in weaning and kept on the SIMV (VC) mode of ventilation. Symptomatic management of the varied symptoms seen during paroxysms was started. Propranolol (10 mg q 8 hours via nasogastric tube) and clonidine infusion (20–50 mg/hour IV) was initiated to control the sympathetic symptoms of PAID syndrome, with dramatic positive response. It was, however, difficult to control hyperthermia, which responded poorly to paracetamol. Diclofenac sodium (75 mg q 8 hours IV) and hydrotherapy were started, and the patient responded well. Dystonic movements were controlled by intermittent boluses of midazolam (2 mg IV). Continuous rate-controlled infusion of morphine (0.02 mg/kg/hour) and midazolam (0.05 mg/kg/hour) was then started. Three days after the initiation of treatment, the patient responded well and was shifted to the high dependency unit (HDU) while using a T-piece with a tracheostomy tube in situ. The patient was kept in the HDU for five days and in a rehabilitation ward for an additional two weeks. During his stay in the HDU, the clonidine infusion was gradually weaned off. Occasional surges of autonomic arousal, which were observed during the patient's stay even during the rehabilitation phase, were satisfactorily controlled by oral propranolol. Oral propranolol was continued after his discharge from the hospital. Dystonic movements and muscle rigidity, which were a matter of concern during the rehabilitation phase, responded initially to continuous infusion of morphine and midazolam only. Later, the infusions were switched to oral lorazepam (2 mg q 8 hours) with satisfying results. The medication was also prescribed following discharge. 