A 72-year-old woman with a history of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia that was refractory to medical therapy underwent catheter ablation. During the procedure, baseline AA interval during sinus rhythm, AH interval, and HV interval were 610, 80, and 38 ms , respectively. Narrow QRS tachycardia was induced by atrial burst pacing (320 ms; ), which was felt to be most consistent with slow/ fast AVNRT (cycle length, 380 ms; AH, 340 ms; HA, 40 ms) based on the characteristics of induction with a critically long AH interval and the response to right ventricular overdrive pacing ( and 1C). SP modification was performed and guided by intracardiac electrograms and fluoroscopic landmarks. After SP modification, a tachycardia spontaneously initiated during infusion of isoproterenol with a dosage of 1 μg/min at a cycle length of 540 ms, with HA and AH intervals of 40 and 500 ms, respectively, as illustrated in Figure 2A. The tachycardia could be terminated by rapid atrial pacing or PACs and would spontaneously initiate after a few sinus tachycardia beats . demonstrates the spontaneous onset of tachycardia at faster sweep speed with initial shortening of the HH interval to 450 ms, followed by tachycardia with the HH interval of 540 ms. PACs were introduced throughout the diastolic interval beginning at 10 ms shorter than the tachycardia cycle length until the loss of atrial capture or tachycardia was terminated . A PAC that advanced the immediate His by 50 ms resulted in delaying the subsequent His by 50 ms . However, a later PAC advanced the immediate His by 40 ms, and there was no change in the following HH interval . A later PAC delivered during His refractoriness advanced the following His by 15 ms, indicating that the mechanism of tachycardia was AVNRT . This was confirmed multiple times with late-coupled PACs advancing the subsequent His activation without affecting the immediate His. Further ablation at the SP region was performed, and subsequently, no tachycardia could be induced with or without isoproterenol. At follow-up, 2 months after the procedure, there was no recurrence of symptomatic arrhythmia. 