A 44-year-old female with major depressive disorder with psychotic features which did not remit after multiple medication trials was scheduled for ETC. Her pre-ECT electrocardiogram (ECG) demonstrated normal sinus rhythm (NSR) with no abnormalities . At the time of her initial ECT, the patient was placed on continuous ECG, oxygen saturation, and blood pressure (BP) monitoring. Her vital signs at that time were within normal limits and she was noted to be in NSR on the monitor. General anesthesia was induced with methohexital followed by paralysis with succinylcholine. The patient was then hyperventilated to induce hypocapnia, as per standard ECT protocol . ECT with right unilateral electrode placement with an ultra-brief pulse stimulus resulted in motor and EEG seizures that lasted 55 and 104 seconds respectively. During her seizure, an intra-ventricular conduction delay (IVCD) characterized by a widened QRS was noted on the monitor . The IVCD lasted for 48 seconds, beginning when the HR was approximately 121 BPM, and then the rhythm spontaneously converted to NSR once the HR dropped to approximately 101 BPM. After recovery from anesthesia, the patient was without complaints, her vital signs were within normal limits, and she was noted to be in NSR on the monitor. The patient returned for ECT with the protocol described above for 13 more treatments. At many of her subsequent ECTs, she had transient ECG features of IVCD associated with HR above 100 as described above. Because LBBB was identified, the patient was referred to cardiology for evaluation. A 12-lead ECG demonstrated LBBB at a HR of 112 BPM . Ambulatory electrocardiographic monitoring demonstrated two episodes of IVCD with QRS morphology changes, but, of note, the IVCD only appeared when the patient was concurrently tachycardic above 100 BPM (Figures 5 and 6). Secondary causes of sinus tachycardia and LBBB were ruled out by a normal CBC, CMP, and thyroid panel. The presumed cause of this patient's IVCD was " rate-related LBBB, " a LBBB associated with an elevation of the HR , 