Clinical presentation A 14-year-old African-American female with a past medical history (prior to the age of 5 years) of repeated episodic tachycardia (reportedly treated with ablation 8 years prior) and associated seizures had been playing outside in the snow with her sisters when she reportedly grabbed her head, appeared to have seizure-like activity and suddenly collapsed. She had been sitting on a trampoline, but had not been jumping, nor did she have any known history of traumatic events or injury. There was no family history of sudden unexpected death or cardiovascular disease. Emergency medical services (EMS) were immediately called due to the patient being unresponsive and apneic. There was an estimated time of arrest prior to EMS arrival of 6–8 min and 31 min between arrival on scene and arrival at the emergency department (ED). The patient was initially asystolic and advanced cardiac life support (ACLS) protocol with cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and ventilation via laryngeal mask airway was begun. The patient was defibrillated twice on the way to the hospital for ventricular fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia. Weak carotid pulses and apical heart tones were found with return of spontaneous circulation. Upon arrival at the ED, the patient was intubated and ACLS protocol was continued. A bedside ultrasound was performed showing a significantly reduced ejection fraction. The patient also presented as hypokalemic with a potassium level of 3.1 mEq/L and became acidotic with a pH of 7.074. Over 1.5–2 h, 20 mEq of K? was given as well as bicarbonate in an attempt to correct the acidosis. She remained unresponsive throughout the attempts at stabilization. Her physical exam showed fixed and dilated pupils, ineffective respiration and circulation with bilateral rhonchi (with ventilator), and cardiac sounds that were unable to be auscultated effectively. After approximately 2 h and 45 min, the patient could be externally paced at 100 bpm, however, 2 h later she reentered asystole with intermittent episodes of ventricular fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia and ACLS was reinitiated. Approximately 5.5 h from the initial incident, the code was terminated and she was pronounced dead. A medicolegal autopsy was performed. 