A baby girl, born at 36 5/7 weeks, had fetal evidence of bradycardia at 21 weeks associated with first-degree AVB. Cardiac anatomy and function were normal, with no evidence of hydrops. Her mother was positive for lupus autoantibodies. Despite maternal treatment with dexamethasone, AVB progressed to complete block within a month. A small pericardial effusion with moderate biventricular AV valve regurgitation prompted a premature C-section. At birth, she had a junctional escape rhythm at 75 bpm. Postnatal echocardiography revealed resolution of the pericardial effusion and AV valve regurgitation. A dual-chamber epicardial pacemaker was implanted at 1 month of age in the context of recurrence of the pericardial effusion, a junctional escape rate in the 60s, persistent pulmonary hypertension (50% of systemic systolic pressure) despite phosphodiesterase inhibitors, and failure to thrive. Atrial standstill was readily observed. The left atrial appendage (LAA) and left atrium (LA) appeared abnormally white . Appropriate sensing was possible but no capture could be achieved at high outputs. Thus, the atrial lead was placed on the right atrium (RA), and the ventricular lead on the left ventricle with good sensing and capture thresholds.Although the immediate postoperative period was uneventful, the patient's condition suddenly deteriorated on the night of day 3. Following a feed, the patient became tachypneic and clamped, and died despite immediate and prolonged attempts at resuscitation. Pacemaker interrogation a few hours later showed no evidence of lead dysfunction. On cardiac autopsy, no macroscopic abnormalities were identified. Microscopic examination demonstrated the absence of a clear AV node, which was replaced by fibrous tissue. Nonspecific changes were noted of the LA and LAA consisting of a mild fibrous pericarditis associated with degenerative phenomena described as dark microdebris similar to calcic salts arranged in a fine layer close to the LA epicardium. The second patient had bradycardia at 21 weeks of gestation. Fetal echocardiography showed no evidence of cardiac abnormalities or hydrops. The mother, who had a diagnosis of SLE with positive antibodies, was started on dexamethasone at 26 weeks. The patient was born at 37 3/7 weeks by C-section in predominantly 2:1 AVB with a mean junctional escape rate of 65 bpm. The patient remained asymptomatic despite progression to complete AVB, with a gradually decreasing junctional escape rate to 44 bpm and progressive left ventricular dilation (Z score of 4.9 for the left ventricular end-diastolic diameter), yet with a normal shortening fraction for age. An epicardial dual-chamber pacemaker was implanted at 59 months of age through a left anterolateral thoracotomy. The LAA was found to be very pale and described as white. An epicardial bipolar lead was fixed on the LAA. Sensing was appropriate, but capture could not be achieved anywhere on the LAA or LA despite outputs up to 8 V at 0.52 ms. The atrial lead was, therefore, fixed to the right atrial appendage without difficulty. The ventricular lead was placed on the left ventricle with satisfactory testing values. Multiple biopsies of the LAA were performed, which showed no evidence of atrial fibrosis or loss of atrial myocytes. Left ventricular function remained normal on follow-up. The third patient, a 3-year-old girl, was born to a woman with positive anti-SSA antibodies. She was diagnosed with firstdegree AVB at 20 weeks of gestation, with no associated cardiac abnormalities or signs of hydrops. Although the mother was started on corticosteroids and treated until the 32nd week, AVB progressed to complete block. Labor was induced at 37 6/7 weeks, with an uncomplicated vaginal delivery. At birth, she had a mean junctional escape rate of 70 bpm. Progressive signs of fatigue and decreased functional capacity prompted implantation of a dual-chamber epicardial pacemaker at 16 months of age via a left anterolateral thoracotomy. Although sensing was adequate over the LA, no capture could be achieved despite high-output pacing. The atrial lead was fixed to the right atrial appendage, where sensing and pacing thresholds were normal, and the second lead was placed on the left ventricle. The immediate postoperative course was uneventful, although left ventricular dysfunction developed insidiously. At the age of 2½ years, she was hospitalized with fever, vomiting, and signs of heart failure, with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 20% and interventricular dyssynchrony. Rapid deterioration led to intubation and inotropic support. Two weeks after admission, she underwent pacemaker upgrade to a biventricular epicardial system by adding a right ventricular lead. Findings on ventricular myocardial biopsy were uninformative. Despite biventricular pacing and maximal medical therapy, her condition remained precarious. She underwent implantation of a left ventricular assist device at 2 years and 9 months, followed by uneventful cardiac transplantation 7 months later. A biopsy prior to transplantation was compatible with dilated cardiomyopathy, with no evidence of SLE-related myocarditis and no perivascular antibodies by immunofluorescence. Atrial tissue was not available for microscopic analysis.The fourth patient, who is now 6 years old, was incidentally found to be in complete AVB block at 2.8 years of age. Her mean junctional escape rate by Holter monitoring was 39 bpm, with a maximum pause of 3.4 s. She was asymptomatic and had biventricular dilation (Z score of 3.5) with normal biventricular systolic function. Work-up revealed antiSSA antibodies in her mother. An epicardial pacemaker was implanted at 3 years of age, with leads positioned on the LAA and left ventricle without complication. Pacemaker interrogation revealed marked delay between the onset of the surface P wave and the local LAA signal, suggestive of atrial conduction delay. Left ventricular function progressively decreased on follow-up, with a shortening fraction of 12% and ejection fraction of 25% 6 months later. One year after pacemaker implantation, the system was upgraded to epicardial cardiac resynchronization therapy, and the LAA lead was replaced by a right atrial lead . At last follow-up, her left ventricular systolic function had improved, with an ejection fraction of 45% and shortening fraction of 22%. As shown in , a narrow paced QRS-complex was obtained with a PR interval of 120 ms. The fifth patient was diagnosed with complete AVB at 25 weeks of gestation with escape rates around 70 bpm and normal cardiac anatomy and function. The mother was diagnosed with SLE and tested positive for anti-SSB antibodies. Vaginal delivery at 38 weeks was uncomplicated. Given ventricular escape rates progressing down to the low 60s, an epicardial dual-chamber pacemaker was implanted at 2 weeks of age, with the atrial lead placed on the LA. Sensing was adequate and the pacing threshold was 2 V at 0.5 ms. The second lead was placed onto the left ventricle with adequate sensing and pacing thresholds. Two weeks later, dysfunction of the atrial lead was noted with undersensing and an increased pacing threshold. The pacemaker was reprogrammed to a VVIR mode at 120 bpm. ProgressiveAlive, transvenous dualchamber pacemaker at 5 y ASD indicates atrial septal defect; AVB, atrioventricular block; AVVR, atrioventricular valve regurgitation; CRT, cardiac resynchronization therapy; LA, left atrium; LAA, left atrial appendage; LV, left ventricle/ventricular; minus sign denotes no; PHT, pulmonary hypertension; plus sign denotes yes; RA, right atrium; RAA, right atrial appendage. *LA capture was possible but with high pacing threshold.left ventricular dilation with mild systolic dysfunction was observed on follow-up, prompting initiation of an angiotensinconverting-enzyme inhibitor. When the generator required replacement at 5 years of age, a transvenous dual-chamber pacemaker system was implanted without complication. 