A 72-year-old man was referred to our department after discovering a right atrial mass. His past medical history was notable for subarachnoid hemorrhage caused by a cerebral artery aneurysm at 58 years of age. In addition, his mother had died of cerebral infarction, and his elder sister had died of myocardial infarction. The patient had undergone colectomy for colon adenocarcinoma with multiple liver metastases at 68 years of age and subsequently received several chemotherapy regimens, including FOLFOX (calcium folinate and fluorouracil), FOLFILI (calcium folinate, fluorouracil, and irinotecan), XELOX, bevacizumab and cetuximab. After chemotherapy, surgery for liver metastasis was performed at 69 years of age. At 71 years of age, lung metastasis developed, and he consequently underwent further surgery. Approximately 10 months after surgery for the lung metastasis, contrast-enhanced chest computed tomography (CT) demonstrated recurrent liver metastasis and a right atrial mass (diameter, 27 mm). In addition, electrocardiography showed atrial fibrillation (AF), which had been known to be present for 10 years, and a chest X-ray revealed cardiomegaly, with a cardiothoracic ratio of 60%. Echocardiography was normal, except for the right atrial mass. Deep vein thrombosis was not detected on contrast CT at that time. The patient therefore received valsartan (40 mg) for hypertension and aspirin (he was not started on anticoagulant therapy by his home doctor. The platelet count was 53,000/μL, the prothrombin time international normalized ratio (PT-INR) was 1.07, the activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) was 30.9 s (normal range: 25.2-34.4), the fibrinogen level was 289 mg/ dL (normal range: 168-329), the fibrinogen degradation product (FDP) level was 7.5 μg/mL (normal range: <5) and the D-dimer level was 5.6 μg/mL (normal range: <1). Surgical removal was performed as a therapeutic and diagnostic option, and the mass was pathologically diagnosed as a thrombus. The patient's CHA2DS2-VASc score was 3 (CHADS2 score of 2), and no further hemorrhagic events were observed. After the surgery, the patient was treated with warfarin (2.5 mg) in order to achieve a PT-INR of approximately 2.0. He was also given bisoprolol (2.5 mg), furosemide (20 mg) and candesartan (4 mg) for heart failure due to AF with tachycardia. Two months later, the metastatic liver tumor was removed. Subsequent contrast-enhanced chest CT did not show any thrombi in the bilateral atria. After four months, however, he developed angina pectoris, and coronary angiography showed 99% stenosis at segment 6 of the left ascending coronary artery. After changing the warfarin to the continuous intravenous infusion of heparin, bare-metal stent implantation was successfully performed, with the subsequent administration of aspirin (100 mg) and clopidogrel (75 mg). The HAS-BLED score was 3, which indicated a high risk of bleeding. The patient also displayed mild hemoptysis two weeks after the initiation of these agents; therefore, the dose of warfarin was transiently interrupted. One month after stent implantation, the clopidogrel therapy was terminated, and the warfarin (2.5 mg) was restarted. However, the patient's PT-INR was 1.2 at that time, and a thrombus was detected in the right atrium on transthoracic echocardiography (TTE)  and contrast-enhanced chest CT . Transesophageal echocardiography was not performed because a small abdominal aortic aneurysm with an ulcer-like projection had been detected on CT. Two weeks after the start of warfarin (2.5 mg), the PT-INR was 1.87 . Therefore, the dose of warfarin was increased to 3.0 mg. After six weeks of increased warfarin therapy (3.0 mg, PT-INR: 2.20) , the size of the thrombus did not change on TTE . The patient did not experience any bleeding sequelae, such as hemoptysis. However, CT suggested the development of a new small intratracheal mass. Because additionally increasing the warfarin dose in order to resolve the thrombus was thought to carry a greater risk of bleeding from the lesion, suspected of metastasis, therapy with the direct FXa inhibitor rivaroxaban was started at a dose of 15 mg once daily. The patient's body3.0 × 1.5 1.5 × 1.0 3.0 × 1.5 0 × 0 weight was 63 kg, his serum creatinine level was 0.72 mg/ dL and his Ccr level was 64 mL/min. The size of the thrombus subsequently decreased two weeks after the initiation of rivaroxaban , and TTE showed the resolution of the thrombus four weeks after the start of rivaroxaban therapy . Meanwhile, CT showed only a small mural thrombus four weeks after the start of rivaroxaban treatment , and follow-up CT performed two months after the initiation of rivaroxaban therapy showed the complete resolution of the thrombus . After changing the medication to rivaroxaban, the D-dimer level decreased (from 2.1 to 1.2 μg/L) and ultimately normalized (between 0.7 and 0.8 μg/L) . However, the patient experienced daily hemoptysis under treatment with rivaroxaban. In addition, the size of the intratracheal mass increased to 5 mm, and the lesion was ultimately diagnosed as a metastasis of colon cancer. After surgically removing the metastatic tumor, the patient's hemoptysis resolved, and he was able to tolerate rivaroxaban therapy. 