A 46-year-old woman was brought to the emergency department (ED) with acute onset of dyspnea. Her symptoms started minutes after exposure to polyurethane fumes and were not relieved with the use of inhaled short-acting b-agonist. Emergency medical services found her in respiratory distress and administered several doses of subcutaneous epinephrine as well as inhaled bronchodilators. Despite this, she showed signs and symptoms of progressive respiratory failure with obtundation. Shortly after arrival to the ED, she required rapid sequence intubation and mechanical ventilation. The patient was a healthy and active woman who had had no symptoms prior to this event. She had a history of wellcontrolled, mild intermittent asthma, with minimal albuterol use. She never smoked and had no allergies or recent travel. There were no preceding signs or symptoms of cardiac disease or dyspnea prior to polyurethane fume exposure nor were there prior signs or symptoms of hyperthroidism. Vital signs on arrival to the ED were temperature 37.0 C, heart rate 162 beats per minute (bpm), blood pressure (BP) 195/121 mm Hg, respiratory rate 25 per minute with an oxygen saturation of 100%, and on 100% fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO 2 ). Examination was notable for a well-nourished but illappearing female. She was intubated and sedated. There was no evidence of proptosis or exophthalmus. Thyroid gland was symmetric of normal size, about 25 g. On lung auscultation, there was poor air movement, prolonged expiratory phase, and diffuse wheezing. Cardiovascular examination revealed a regular rapid heart rate without murmurs, rubs, or gallops. No thrills, right ventricular (RV) heave, third, or fourth heart sounds were appreciated. There was no evidence of jugular venous distension or hepatojugular reflux. There was no evidence of peripheral edema. Skin and sclera were anicteric and deep tendon reflexes were brisk but symmetric. Initial chest X-ray showed hyperinflation and moderate pulmonary edema. Electrocardiogram (ECG) initially showed sinus tachycardia. Emergent bedside echocardiography in ED revealed a normal left ventricular ejection fraction and no evidence of RV failure. A repeat echocardiogram on hospital daythyroid hormones continued to rise, with peak values on day 5: total T3 ¼ 430 ng/dL (87-178) and free T3 ¼ 20 pg/mL (2.5-3.9); total T4 ¼ 24.5 (6.09-12.23) mg/dL and free T4 ¼ 5.61 ng/dL (0.58-1.64). Her laboratory data also revealed a thyroid-stimulating immunoglobulins of greater than 500% predicted (less than 110%). Plasmapheresis was initiated, which slowly improved her thyroid studies. Unfortunately, despite these efforts, the patient remained comatose, developed progressive multiorgan system failure, and died later during her hospital stay. 