A 59-year-old man with no past medical history was admitted to the Cardiac Care Unit (CCU) with hemodynamically stable VT storm. He had initially presented to a peripheral hospital with a two-day history of chest pain, dyspnea and intermittent palpitations. On assessment, he was noted to have multiple runs of hemodynamically stable VT, with spontaneous termination  and was initially managed with procainamide boluses (3 X 100mg boluses administered intravenously) and, subsequently, with an infusion of lidocaine (2 µg/min intravenously). On arrival at our institution, he was hemodynamically stable. His admission electrocardiogram demonstrated sinus rhythms with frequent premature ventricular beats and occasional runs of non-sustainedAbstract Electrical storm refers to a state of cardiac electrical instability characterized by multiple episodes of ventricular tachycardia (VT) or ventricular fibrillation (VF) within a relatively short period of time and is associated with increased mortality and morbidity. The management of electrical storm involves a variety of strategies, including sedation, antiarrhythmic and electrolyte replacement as well as revascularization and electrical ablation. However, the management strategy in patients with refractory storm is less clear and may require more invasive approaches. We present a case of severe ventricular tachycardia storm refractory to conservative management that was managed with a HeartMate II left ventricular assist device.VT ( C). His physical exam was significant for an elevated JVP (6 cm above the sternal angle), a 3 rd heart sound and bibasilar crackles. His chest x-ray was suggestive of mild pulmonary edema. His labs demonstrated slightly elevated troponin I (1.74), with a normal CK and normal serum levels of potassium (4.0 mmol/L) and magnesium (0.82 mmol/L). A formal echocardiogram was performed, demonstrating moderate LV dilation with moderate reduction LVSD with an ejection fraction of 35%. There was moderate mitral regurgitation and an infero-lateral wall akinesis. Given the history of chest pain, elevated troponins, systolic dysfunction, possible new wall motion abnormality and episodes of new nosustained ventricular tachycardia (NSVT), he was started on therapy for non-ST elevation myocardial infarction and the lidocaine infusion was continued. Overnight, the patient developed two episodes of sustained VT (similar morphology to previously documented VT) with a ventricular rate between 220-250  associated with decreased level consciousness and hemodynamic compromise. These episodes all terminated spontaneously with the restoration of sinus rhythm. Given the change in clinical status, the patient underwent an urgent angiogram which demonstrated a heavily calcified, chronic, total occlusion of the proximal circumflex artery. Several attempts were made to cross this lesion with various guide-wires without success. Upon transfer back to the CCU, the lidocaine was discontinued and intravenous amiodarone (150 mg bolus and an infusion of 1 mg/min) and oral metoprolol (25 mg PO BID) were started. The following morning, the patient was electively intubated and sedated after two further episodes of sustained VT with hemodynamic instability. On the second day, despite intubation/sedation, amiodarone and beta-blockade, the patient developed multiple runs (>30) of prolonged refractory VT with progression to ventricular fibrillation (VF). Over a 150-minute period, the patient underwent continuous attempted direct current (DC) defibrillation (in excess of 27 separate shocks), chest compressions and active resuscitation with epinephrine (1 mg IV push X 3), lidocaine boluses (50 mg IV push X4) and amiodarone boluses (150 mg boluses X 5), on top of simultaneous continuous amiodarone (1 mg/min) and lidocaine (3 mg/min) infusions, with only brief periods of sinus rhythm before reverting back into VT and VF. Overdrive pacing was attempted via a temporary trans-venous pacemaker; however, this was quickly abandoned as it caused more 