An 18-year-old African American male football player sought treatment at a cardiology clinic after a murmur was heard during his preparticipation physical examination. He had no symptoms of chest pain, lightheadedness, dizziness, or syncopal or presyncopal episodes. His medical history was significant for well-controlled asthma. Family history was negative for premature coronary disease, heart failure, or sudden death of any kind. At presentation, his vital signs were within normal limits, and the examination showed no abnormalities except for a soft systolic murmur. A 12-lead electrocardiogram showed sinus rhythm, sinus arrhythmia, anterior early repolarization pattern, inverted T wave in V1, and biphasic T wave in lead III . Given the new murmur, an echocardiogram was ordered and revealed hypertrabeculation but normal systolic function . Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) demonstrated apical hypertrabeculation without evidence of segmental myocardial thinning and normal apical contractility . The differential diagnosis at this point was normal variant hypertrabeculation left ventricle vs LVNC. Out of concern for LVNC, and in accordance with the 36th Bethesda Guidelines, the patient was advised to refrain from intense exertional activity. 6 Given his strong desire to play football, we sought the opinions of two nationally known experts on cardiomyopathies. Expert 1 performed an exercise stress echocardiogram, which was unremarkable. A transthoracic IMPORTANCE Left ventricular noncompaction (LVNC) is a rare cause of progressive cardiomyopathy thought to result from incomplete myocardial development. It has been associated with an increased risk of sudden death, especially in those with a depressed left ventricular ejection fraction. Thus, the current recommendation for patients with this diagnosis is restriction from participation in competitive sports. OBSERVATIONS An asymptomatic 18-year-old African American collegiate football player had a murmur on his preparticipation physical examination. Subsequent cardiology workup revealed hypertrabeculation vs LVNC. Second and third opinions were sought from national experts in the field: one gave the diagnosis of LVNC and recommended restriction; the other gave the diagnosis of hypertrabeculation. After a family meeting including the player, mother, team physician, and consulting cardiologist, the player was permitted to participate in football. 