The patient, a 37 year old Malaysian Chinese parturient (Gravida 4 Para 2 + 1) was admitted at 25 weeks gestation following a routine scan which suggested intrauterine death. A repeat scan done when she had per vaginal bleeding confirmed the death and showed a grade 3–4 placenta praevia with suggestions of a placenta accreta. Her two previous deliveries were via caesarean section for breech delivery 8 and 6 years prior to the current event in another hospital. She was confirmed to have a congenital complete heart block after her first delivery and was followed up in the National Heart Insitute where she was treated conservatively. Throughout the period of current and previous pregnancies, she has never been symptomatic of CHB; chest pain, palpitations or syncopal attacks. Her ECG showed a complete heart block with narrow QRS complex, indicating a high nodal impulse with a rate of 50/min . Her blood pressure was 140/80 mmHg. Bedside echocardiogram was relatively normal except for mild mitral regurgitation. Her serum thyroid stimulating hormone and antinuclear antibody levels were normal. Coagulation profile showed a slightly elevated prothrombin time of 1.24 s and an international normalized ratio of 1.3. Her fibrinogen levels were normal. The obstetrician opted for hysterostomy to deliver the baby with an alternative plan of performing a caesarean hysterectomy in the event of uncontrolled bleeding. Prior to the surgery, bilateral uterine artery embolization was performed by a radiologist. A temporary intravenous pacemaker was also inserted by a cardiologist. General anesthesia was induced with fentanyl 100 μg, etomidate 18 mg and suxamethonium 100 mg. Anaesthesia was maintained with 2% sevoflurane in oxygen/air 50%. Pain relief was with morphine boluses and continued muscle relaxation with rocuronium. Tranexamic 1 g was also infused intra-operatively. Patient's heart rate was monitored and averaged between 50–60 beats/minute which did not require pacemaker activation. Intra-arterial blood pressure monitoring did not show any instability. The patient's haemodynamics remained stable intra-operatively . The total blood loss was 1.2 L and patient was transfused 3 units of packed cells intra-operatively. The preoperative haemoglobin was 11.3 g/dL and the immediate post-operative value was 7.9 g/dL. A total abdominal hysterectomy was done to control the bleeding. Post-operatively, the patient was extubated as she remained stable hemodynamically. She was monitored in the intensive care unit and the pacemaker was removed 48 hours later as she remained stable hemodynamically. Patient was discharged home on the 4th post-operative day. 