Patient #1, a 72-year-old male with persistent AF, underwent aortic valve replacement and mitral valve reconstruction in 2011 accompanied by LAA ligation and intraoperative cryoablation. During two additional catheter ablations, LA substrate modification was performed resulting in electrical LAA isolation. Patient #2, a 73-year-old male with paroxysmal AF, had a triple coronary artery bypass surgery with LAA ligation in 1999. Due to labile international normalized ratio (INR) values and a high bleeding risk, LAA occluder implantation was proposed. Patient #3, a 76-year-old female with paroxysmal AF, underwent mitral valve reconstruction for severe mitral regurgitation in conjunction with LAA ligation in 2011. After multiple ablation procedures resulting in electrical LAA isolation, LAA occlusion was performed due to a high bleeding risk. Ligated left atrial appendage with major transversal axis—open neck with 'hammerhead left atrial appendage' In Patients #1 and #3, TEE and LAA angiography revealed a hammerhead morphology determined by a narrow and very short neck and a major transversal axis with a short posterior and long anterior pseudo-lobe (Figures 1A and 3A/B). This distorted anatomy resulted in an absent landing zone as well as missing longitudinal depth required for the regular AGA Cardiac Plug (ACP) or Watchman implantations. We therefore decided to use the LAA 'isthmus' at What's new? † No clear data about management of incompletely ligated left atrial appendage (LAA) are available. † A recent case series shows that incompletely ligated LAA can be managed with a percutaneous occlusion using a device designed for patent foramen ovale occlusion. † We first report occlusion of incompletely surgically ligated LAA using percutaneous LAA occluder devices, describing anatomical characteristics that help in the choice of the device.Percutaneous occlusion of surgically ligated LAA the neck as anchoring zone for the waist between the lobe and the disc of an ACP device. In both cases, the LAA orifice was cannulated with the ball-shaped, partially opened lobe of the ACP device (24 and 20 mm in #1 and #3, respectively; Figures 1B and 3C). Then, the device was actively pushed beyond the LAA neck to allow for a complete ACP lobe release in both LAA pseudo-lobes . Lobe stability was assessed by a light pull manoeuvre at the sheath. Subsequently, the ACP disc was released by unsheathing (Figures 1D and 3D) and coverage of the LAA ostium was assessed, both, by TEE and contrast injection (Figures 1E and 3E). Both procedures were performed uneventful. 