A ten-year-old female with no significant medical history was admitted to the emergency department after syncope while exercising. She felt nauseated while running at gymnastics class, then collapsed, and was unconscious for several minutes. Upon arrival to our hospital, she was dyspneic and hypoxemic due to pulmonary edema and required positive airway pressure and eventual intubation. The initial electrocardiogram (ECG) was significant for anteroseptal and inferior ST-segment depression, and troponin I was elevated at 2.9 ng/mL within three hours of the initial event. Diagnostic testing, including transthoracic echocardiography ( and B) and computed tomography scan , revealed anomalous aortic origin of the left coronary artery from the right sinus, with clear stenosis of the left main coronary in the proximal segment. Pulsed wave Doppler revealed an 11 mm Hg peak diastolic gradient in the left main coronary. The initial left ventricular ejection fraction was 51% without obvious regional wall motion abnormalities. Over the subsequent 24 hours, the pulmonary edema significantly improved, the ECG ST segments normalized, and the troponin I, after peaking at 8.2 ng/mL 8 hours after the initial arrest, steadily declined. The decision was made to proceed with surgical repair of the anomalous coronary within the next 48 hours, under the assumption that the left ventricular function would have time to normalize and the patient would be at minimal risk of an untoward event while at rest. She was subsequently extubated without event, she was alert and talkative, and all vital signs were normal. Five hours after extubation she developed mild but acute desaturation to 90% and began to have chest pain. ST-segment depression was present on the bedside monitor. Sinus bradycardia and hypotension occurred quickly. She was intubated and aggressively volume resuscitated, and a nitroglycerin infusion was started. Despite additional epinephrine and dopamine infusions, the rhythm degenerated to asystole, then ventricular fibrillation. Full resuscitation efforts continued and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was initiated. Subsequent evaluation revealed substantial anoxic neurologic insult had occurred, and the biventricular systolic cardiac function was severely reduced. Compassionate withdrawal of support was later provided at the request of the family. Autopsy demonstrated that the left main coronary artery ostium was slit like and partially ''hooded'' . It exited the aorta at an acute angle. There was a 2 to 3 mm intramural segment, but the majority of the interarterial segment of the left main was extramural . There was massive myocardial ischemic necrosis of the left ventricle and ventricular septum, all of which was acute. There was no evidence of chronic ischemic changes. . Autopsy photograph of the left main coronary in cross section at the interarterial portion of the artery. A probe is placed through the coronary artery, which is opened to reveal the relationship with the aortic wall. At this distance of 5 mm from the origin, the artery is extramural, despite appearing to be intramural at this location on computed tomography scan. . Computed tomography scan confirming the origin and course of the anomalous left coronary artery. Note the paucity of contrast in the artery due to proximal stenosis. 