A 16-year-old 59-kg female with seizure disorder, medication non-compliance, depression, and three prior suicide attempts was found unresponsive after ingesting up to 4.5 g (76 mg/kg) of lacosamide, 120 mg (2 mg/kg) of cyclobenzaprine, and an unknown amount of levetiracetam in a self-harm attempt. Friends last saw her normal 30 min prior, but the exact time of ingestion was unknown. Lacosamide and levetiracetam belonged to the patient, and cyclobenzaprine was a prescribed to a family member. Paramedics found her in pulseless ventricular tachycardia. After one unsynchronized defi brillation, her rhythm converted into sinus tachycardia. Tonic – clonic seizure ensued and was controlled with 10 mg of intravenous (IV) diazepam. Subsequently, she became bradycardic resolving after 1 mg of IV atropine. She arrived to the emergency department with a blood pressure of 151/97 mmHg, heart rate of 162 beats per minute (BPM), and bagged at 24 breaths per minute via laryngeal mask airway. Physical examination was notable forcentral nervous system and respiratory depression. Recurrent seizure activity was treated with 2 mg of IV lorazepam and 5 mg of IV diazepam. After rapid sequence intubation and nasogastric tube placement, bradycardia recurred and proceeded to asystole. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was initiated. She received 1 mg of IV atropine and 1 mg of IV epinephrine with return of spontaneous circulation. Initial electrocardiogram (ECG) demonstrated sinus tachycardia (139 BPM), PR of 100 ms, QRS of 112 ms, and terminal R-wave in 3 mm, and corrected QT (QTc) of 413 ms . Prior ECGs were unavailable. She received 150 mEq of sodium bicarbonate for possible sodium channel blockade. A norepinephrine infusion was started. Initial blood gas showed pH of 7.19, pCO 2 of 52 mmHg, pO 2 of 97 mmHg, HCO 3 of 20 mmol/L, and base defi cit of-8 mmol/L. Chemistries were signifi cant for potassium, 2.9 mmol/L; CO 2 , 15 mmol/L; creatinine, 1 mg/dL; and glucose, 232 mg/dL. Opiates were detected on drugs of abuse urine screening; it was negative for amfetamine, barbiturates, benzodiazepines, cannabinoids, cocaine, methadone, methamfetamine, oxycodone, phencyclidine, propoxyphene, and tricyclic antidepressants. Blood salicylate, acetaminophen, 