We present a case of an underweight 37-year-old woman with MS since the age of 23 years, with no history of cardiac disease, cardiovascular risk factors nor family cardiac disease. Between 1997 and 2006, she presented with a total of nine relapses, but repeatedly refused injectable MS therapy due to needle phobia. From 2006 to mid-2007, she received mitoxantrone and did not experience any relapse or radiological activity during that time (total dose 108.72 mg/m 2 , height 1.67 m, weight 48 kg). At that time, mitoxantrone was discontinued; EDSS was 6.0. From 2008 to 2011, she had three relapses and experienced increased EDSS to 6.5. Her cardiac function was evaluated periodically with cardiac echocardiography as standard monitoring during and after mitoxantrone treatment. The last echocardiogram obtained in June 2012 was normal. In mid-June 2012, the patient experienced a spinal cord relapse, treated with intravenous pulse steroids followed by oral taper. A repeat brain MRI showed six new T2 foci compared to the MRI performed 1-year earlier, including a small non-enhanced lesion in the floor of the IV ventricle. On September 28, 2012, the patient initiated fingolimod therapy (0.5 mg/daily). Basal ECG was normal. She was not taking any other medication, except for prednisone 30 mg/day for clinical worsening. During the mandatory 6 h-monitoring period she remained asymptomatic. A single brief episode of bradycardia at 48 bpm was observed while she was lying in bed, which resolved immediately when she started talking to Ventricular tachycardia on Holter-ECG. Above: all the most relevant episodes registered during the Holter-ECG monitoring are seen. The short episode of ventricular tachycardia occurring at 3:54 is circled. Below: a more detailed Holter-registration of this episode (Holter assembly). Before the initiation of the ventricular tachycardia there were no signs of prolonged QT interval or ST interval anomalies. the doctor. ECG at discharge was normal, with sinus rhythm at 70 bpm. During the first 15 days of treatment, the patient tolerated fingolimod well and reported 'feeling great'. After day 15 on fingolimod, she started reporting continuous and unspecific dizziness, asthenia and headaches. She was seen by her primary care physician, and had normal blood pressure and heart rhythm. At the end of October 2012, she went to the emergency room (ER). Although the ECG was normal, fingolimod was discontinued. Meanwhile, the results of a Holter-ECG that had been performed 1 week before the patient was seen at the ER became available and showed a 6.8 second-episode of monomorphic VT . The mean heart rate during Holter-ECG was 65 bpm (range 44–110). No atrioventricular block or pauses were detected. After fingolimod discontinuation, the patient's symptoms of dizziness and asthenia disappeared. A new cardiac echocardiogram showed a normal EF, mild mitral and tricuspid insufficiency and atrial septal aneurysm. No other structural anomalies were reported. A Holter-ECG repeated 6 months later showed normal sinus rhythm with no episodes of arrhythmia and cardiac MRI showed normal biventricular systolic function, right and left coronaries origin and no intramyocardial late gadolinium enhancement. 