A 37 year-old Caucasian female, G6P3033, post-partum day (PPD) #4, presented to labor and delivery as a transport from an outside hospital for symptoms of malaise, dyspnea, and tachycardia. The patient had had a vaginal delivery 4 days prior of a healthy male infant, complicated only by a midline episiotomy that was cut to expedite delivery in the setting of a non-reassuring fetal heart tone. Estimated blood loss was 300 cc. Her past medical history was significant for methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase heterozygous mutation, asthma, chickenpox in childhood, anxiety, and panic disorder. Her medications included ibuprofen and a prenatal vitamin. Her initial post-partum course was uncomplicated except for a new onset tachycardia of 120/min and transient shortness of breath of unknown etiology on PPD#1. This prompted a chest x-ray and pulmonary computed tomography (CT) scan, both of which were negative for an acute process or pulmonary embolus. Beside the new onset tachycardia, all other vital signs remained stable, the patient remained afebrile, and it was thus decided to send the patient home on PPD#2. A script for ibuprofen 600 mg q6 h was written for pain management. Later that day, on PPD#2, the patient presented to an outside Emergency Room complaining of palpitations. She denied fevers, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, or purulent vaginal discharge. She complained of only minimal lochia, not excessive for a recent vaginal delivery. Vital signs were again stable, except for a tachycardia to 130/min. The patient remained afebrile. Hemoglobin and hematocrit were 9.5 g/dL and 28.5 % respectively, white blood cell count was 8.9 × 10 3 /μL and thyroid stimulating hormone was 1.28 UIU/mL. Electrocardiogram was performed showing a persistent sinus tachycardia. Echocardiography was within normal limits, showing a left ventricular ejection fraction of 60–65 %, normal left ventricular systolic function, no wall abnormalities, and no pericardial effusion. With no clear indication of infection, the etiology of the sinus tachycardia remained unknown and the patient was discharged from the ER on metoprolol 12.5 mg PO BID. Two days later, on PPD#4, the patient presented to a second ER complaining of palpitations and dyspnea. She now complained of generalized body aches, and felt that she was too weak to walk. The patient again had tachycardia ranging from 120 to 135/min, with otherwise normal vital signs. Patient was again afebrile and denied uterine tenderness or purulent vaginal discharge. Chest CT and electrocardiogram were again normal with no acute processes. A right upper quadrant ultrasound and abdominal CT scan were significant for peri-hepatic fluid and mild splenomegaly but were otherwise unremarkable. At this time, the decision was made to transport the patient to the initial hospital where the delivery was performed, and where the first Emergency Room visit had occurred. Although slight suspicion of endometritis was raised, in the absence of a fever, uterine tenderness, or reported purulent discharge clinical suspicion remained low and there was no documentation of a pelvic or speculum examination. Upon arrival at the new Emergency Room, the patient continued to complain of palpitations, shortness of breath, malaise, and generalized body aches. She felt unable to walk and developed diarrhea. Vital signs were again normal except for tachycardia into the 130's/min. Patient remained afebrile with complete blood count showing a white blood cell count of 2.5 × 10 3 /μL, a creatinine of 1.0 mg/dL, and a blood urea nitrogen of 19 mg/ dL. Three days early these values were white blood cell count of 9.6 × 10 3 /μL, creatinine of 0.8 mg/dL, and blood urea nitrogen of 6 mg/dL. Pelvic ultrasound showed no signs of retained products of conception. At this time, the decision was made to transport to our hospital, a tertiary care center for the region. Shortly after arrival to our institution's labor and delivery unit, a rapid response was called secondary to a pulse of 140/min, respiratory rate of 30/min, and blood pressure of 121/66 mmHg. Due to increasing concern for sepsis, the patient was sent to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit (SICU) and was started on piperacillin-tazobactam 