A 65-year-old man underwent orthotopic heart transplantation with bi-atrial anastomosis due to dilated cardiomyopathy in 1995. The patient developed symptomatic persistent AFL that was refractory to antiarrhythmic drugs for 6 months before the procedure. The surface ECG showed a positive P wave in lead V1 with P-P interval of 230 ms, and 2:1 relation of P/QRS. After the patient signed an informed consent, an electrophysiological study was performed to elucidate the mechanism of the AFL. A 6F steerable catheter (Inquiry, St Jude Medical, Inc., Irvine, CA, USA) and a 5F quadripolar catheter (Medtronic, Inc., Minneapolis, MN, USA) were positioned within the coronary sinus (CS) and at the apex of right ventricle via the left femoral vein, respectively. CS activation pattern and entrainment mapping from CS indicated the clinical AFL originating from right atria (RA) . An open irrigated magnetic ablation catheter (Navistar Thermocool-RMT, Biosense Webster Inc., Diamond Bar, CA, USA) was used to perform 3D RA electroanatomic mapping and ablation by the CARTO RMT system and the remote magnetic navigation system (RMN, Stereotaxis Inc., St. Louis, MO, USA). During the initial activation mapping, four different activation patterns coexisted in the donor and recipient atria: 1) AFL with a cycle length of 230 ms at the anterior and septal wall of the donor atria; 2) Af in the recipient atria; 3) scar tissue between the donor and recipient atria; 4) 2:1 conduction from AFL at the zone between AFL area and scar area . An activation map containing of the donor and recipient atria led to the complexity of understanding the mechanism of the clinical AFL . Thus, we performed the activation mapping only focusing on the AFL in the recipient RA by defining all other areas as scar or location only. A counterclockwise CTI-dependent AFL in the donor atria appeared in the modified activation map . Linear ablation guided by RMN was performed at the inferior wall between the atrial suture and the tricuspid annulus (TA). After termination of AFL, an AT with the cycle length of 310 ms was induced in the donor atria by atrial stimulation. A re-map showed a focal AT, which was converted to sinus rhythm by ablation at the focal existence at the border zone between recipient and donor atria . Af in the recipient atria still continued, indicating that the two atria were electrically dissociated . The fluoroscopy time was 3 min. No complications occurred during the procedure. 