A 63-year-old man with a history of persistent AF on chronic warfarin oral anticoagulation was referred for LAA exclusion after severe gastrointestinal bleeding and history of falling resulting in a hip fracture. His past medical history included hypertension, diabetes mellitus, previous myocardial infarctions, congestive heart failure, end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis, peripheral vascular disease, status post–femoral popliteal bypass surgery, and hip fracture. The patient had a CHADS2 score of 3, CHADS-Vasc score of 4, and a HAS-Bleed score of 4. The patient underwent an uncomplicated closed-chested LAA ligation with the LARIAT suture delivery device. 2 LAA closure was confirmed with transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) and contrast fluoroscopy acutely . The patient did well post-LAA closure and was on no antiplatelet or antithrombin medications. A follow-up TEE performed at 8 months revealed a closed LAA with no leaks. Eleven months after his LAA ligation, the patient was admitted to the hospital with pneumonia and volume-overloaded congestive heart failure. During dialysis, the patient had a ventricular fibrillation arrest. Cardiac resuscitation was initiated but was unsuccessful and the patient died. An autopsy was performed. Gross anatomy of LAA demonstrated an atretic LAA that was adhered to the epicardial surface of the left atrium (LA; ). The endocardial surface of LA had a smooth surface with no visual evidence of LA to LAA communication . Histology revealed that the majority of LAA muscle was replaced by scar tissue at the apex and endocardial aspect of LAA with severe fibrosis throughout the epicardial aspect of LAA . There was evidence of remnant thrombus formation within the obliterated cavity of LAA . A 60-year-old man with idiopathic cardiomyopathy and persistent AF was referred for LAA exclusion due to warfarin intolerance, traumatic falls, and a labile international normalized ratio. His past medical history is significant for hypertension, diabetes mellitus type 2, left ventricle dysfunction (left ventricular ejection fraction of 30%), mitral regurgitation, heart failure (New York Heart Association class III), and renal insufficiency. The patient has a CHADS2 score of 3, CHADS-Vasc score of 4, and a HAS-Bleed score of 4. The patient underwent an uncomplicated closed-chested LAA ligation with the LARIAT suture delivery device. LAA closure was confirmed with TEE and contrast fluoroscopy acutely . The patient did well post-LAA closure and was on no antiplatelet or oral anticoagulation therapy. Follow-up TEE with color flow Doppler was performed at 1 day, 1 month, 3 months, and 1 year revealed a closed LAA with no leaks. The patient's cardiomyopathy continued to worsen despite optimal medical heart failure management. The patient underwent heart transplantation 1 year and 11 months after his LAA ligation procedure. During explantation of the heart, the examination of pericardial cavity did not reveal any adhesions. The suture was still present at the neck of LAA, and the LAA was atrophied. The endocardial surface of LA was smooth with no evidence of LA to LAA communication . Histology demonstrated a small residual LAA lumen with fibrosis and scarring present throughout the wall of the LAA (2F) and fibrotic scarred tissue at the site of suture ligation with endothelialization of the atrial surface ( and 2G). 