A 77-year-old female patient was admitted to the hospital because of symptomatic atrial fibrillation with fast ventricular rate (initial 130 beats per minute). The patient complained about vertigo, dyspnea, and angina pectoris at physical strain. Except of arterial hypertension, the patient reported no comorbidities. In ambulant treatment, anticoagulation and conventional therapy of tachyarrhythmias was performed using beta-blocker and digitalis without significant success. A significant coronary artery disease was excluded by coronary angiography. The echocardiography revealed normal left ventricular wall thickness and ejection fraction. Digitalis therapy was stopped and replaced by propafenone. However, propafenone was discontinued after the patient experienced stomach ache. Subsequently, the patient received dronedarone and stable sinus rhythm could be restored. Oral anticoagulation with warfarin was continued, and the patient could be discharged from hospital. Five days later, the patient was transferred to the emergency room due to fever ([40 °C), reduced general condition, and recurrent tachyarrhythmia absoluta (initial [ 140 beats per minute). C-reactive protein and procalcitonin amounted 239 mg/L and 4.2 ng/mL, respectively. In suspicion of a sepsis, the patient was hospitalized and received empiric antibiotic treatment with piperacillin/tazobactam in combination with infusion therapy. Infection of the urinary tract or pneumonia was excluded. In the microbiological investigation, no bacteriemia could be detected. Physical examination found a maculopapulous exanthema and small flaccid blisters, predominantly located on the dorsal trunk. Within 4 days, the patient developed a progressive severe epidermolysis of the integument (approximately 30 % of the body area) especially of the back, buttocks, and neck with positive Nikolskí s phenomenon (see , b). Furthermore, painful mucosal ulcerations of the oral cavity and tongue as well as perioral lesions occurred (see ). Moreover, the patient had elevated liver enzymes (aspartate transaminase: 2.4 lmol/L s, alanine transaminase: 1.1 lmol/L s), hypalbuminemia (albumin: 18 g/L), a reduced coagulation situation despite stopped warfarin treatment (international normalized ratio: 4:0), and an acute renal failure (creatinine: 220 lmol/L).Supportive care, including analgesic therapy, empiric antibiosis, and parenteral alimentation; compensation of electrolyte solution; stabilization of blood coagulation with prothrombin complex concentrate; substitution of albumin; and application of prednisolone were executed, thereby the general constitution improved momentary. Mucosal and skin lesions were treated by fat gaze and metalline. In this context, toxic epidermal necrolysis (Lyell syndrome, Stevens–Johnson syndrome, etc.), staphylococcal scaled skin syndrome or drug reaction with eosinophilia, and systemic symptoms were discussed. Clinically, there was a fullthickness epidermal necrolysis in affected areas, especially in frames of flaccid blisters. show the histopathological findings in areas without skin ablation with a basket-woven stratum corneum over an atrophic epidermis with basal vacuolation and single necrotic keratinocytes, some CD8 ? lymphocytes and spongiotic areas. The upper dermis showed spare perivascular and interstitial lymphocytic inflammatory infiltrate with scant CD4 ? cells (see Figs. 2 and 3). In spite of intense therapy, the skin ablations enlarged, the general constitution worsened. After overall 6 days, the patient was transferred to a burn center and intensive care unit. A surgical therapy of the large epidermal necrolysis was not possible. However, after overall 4 weeks, the patient died in multiorgan failure. 