A 59-year-old female patient presented with complaints of recurrent palpitations over the past three years. Paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) was diagnosed on several emergency department visits. A 12-lead surface electrogram and physical examination were normal. The SVT had a narrow QRS-complex during the attacks (230 bpm). After informed consent was obtained, the patient received an electrophysiologic study (EPS) and catheter ablation. Multipolar electrode catheters (Biosense Webster, USA) were positioned in the His-bundle region, right ventricular apex, and coronary sinus (CS). Prior to EPS, blood pressure was 121/67 mm Hg and pulse was 72 bpm. Programmed atrial stimulation indicated that sinus and atrioventricular (AV) nodal functions were normal. CS 1,2 proceeded during ventricular extrastimulus testing and a basic drive (S 1 S 1 ) cycle length of 400 ms of ventricular pacing induced AV re-entrant tachycardia (AVRT). The ventriculoatrial (VA) conduction during ventricular * Correspondence: yansuhua5537@163.com Department of Cardiology, Shandong Provincial Qianfoshan Hospital, Shandong University, 250014 Jinan, PR China pacing was consistent with inducible AVRT. A concealed left free wall accessory pathway was confirmed and selected for mapping and ablation via a transaortic approach. The target site was obtained above the mitral annulus during AVRT and RF energy was delivered (60°C; 30 W) using a temperature-controlled catheter (Biosense Webster). Tachycardia terminated after a 2-sec ablation and ablation was continued for 25 sec more. At 22 sec after the onset of energy delivery, sudden cardiac asystole lasted for 13.2 sec followed by profound sinus rate slowing though ablation was aborted 2 sec after asystole emerged . No escape rhythm emerged. Moreover, AV interval was not changed before and after asystole. After sinus rhythm was rescued, blood pressure was 165/97 mm Hg and ventricular pacing indicated VA disassociation. Multiple ventricular pacing and programmed electrical stimuli for a subsequent 30 min revealed VA disassociation and no induction of tachycardia. Sinus node function AV conduction was normal. The patient no longer experienced tachycardia and syncope 9 months post-ablation. 