The efficacy and safety of NOACs are superior or comparable to those of warfarin in patients with AF and moderate CKD. If clinicians choose to use NOACs in patients with moderate CKD, frequent monitoring of renal function and dose adjustments are crucial. Large-scale, randomized, controlled trials would be desirable to examine the efficacy and safety of NOACs and warfarin in patients with severe renal impairment (eCrCl <30 mL·min −1 ·1.73 m −2 ) and those on dialysis. Until then, in the absence of major contraindications, warfarin with careful international normalized ratio monitoring should generally be prescribed in patients with AF and severe renal impairment, including those on dialysis, although apixaban is an approved option. Our patient represents a patient with AF with moderate CKD. Despite her modest creatinine elevation, her eCrCl calculates to 39.2 mL/min, underscoring the importance of not basing decisions on creatinine alone. Her annual stroke risk is 6.7% based on a CHA 2 DS 2-VASc score of 5. We recommended anticoagulation with apixaban 5 mg twice daily for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism, with a plan for close monitoring of her renal function. We chose apixaban because of the lower risk of bleeding compared with warfarin. 9 Thromboprophylaxis with adjusted dosing of dabigatran, edoxaban, or rivaroxaban or with warfarin would also have been reasonable. Efficacy and safety of novel oral anticoagulants (NOACs) vs warfarin in the subgroup of patients with moderate chronic kidney disease (CKD) from randomized, clinical trials in atrial fibrillation. Comparison of hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for primary efficacy and safety outcomes for 150 and 110 mg dabigatran twice daily, 15 mg rivaroxaban once daily, 5 mg apixaban twice daily, and 30 mg edoxaban once daily. CKD was defined as estimated creatinine clearance (eCrCl) of 30 to 49 mL·min −1 ·1.73 m −2 or as 25 to 49 mL/min for apixaban. *Apixaban 2.5 mg twice daily if patient had any 2 of the following: age ≥80 years, body weight ≤60 kg, or serum creatinine ≥1.5 mg/dL. Reproduced from Qamar and Bhatt 8 with permission from the publisher. Copyright © 2015 Nature Publishing Group. 