A 50-year-old male, with Class III congestive heart failure was admitted with pre-syncopal symptoms. Electrocardiogram showed Type I typical atrial flutter with slow ventricular response and complete atrioventricular block (heart rate of 36 b.p.m.). Transthoracic echocardiography revealed left ventricular (LV) dysfunction with ejection fraction 35% and dilated all four chambers. Computed tomography of cardiac angiogram revealed insignificant stenosis in proximal left anterior descending artery. He had undergone successful radiofrequency ablation for atrial flutter and rhythm converted to sinus. Subsequently, we proceeded for cardiac resynchronization therapy-pacemaker implantation. Coronary sinus access was achieved using a MB2X/7Fr delivery sheath (Medtronic Attain Command 6250-MB2X, Medtronic Inc.) that was advanced deep into the body of the CS. The occlusive CS venogram did not delineate the anterolateral branch of CS. Acuteangled posterolateral vein was engaged with a Judkins Right 4 (JR4)/ 5Fr catheter (Terumo Co.) inserted within the delivery sheath and a coronary guidewire Pilot 50/0.014 inch—190 cm (Abbott Vascular) was advanced into the posterolateral vein. Subsequently, the JR4 catheter was removed and initially a 6Fr and then a 4Fr LV lead over the wire was advanced into the posterolateral vein, but we could not place it because of high pacing threshold and persistent phrenic nerve stimulation. We then attempted to advance the lead further to an optimal position but did not succeed. We decided to change our strategy and go to the anterolateral branch through collaterals retrogradely. Guidewire Pilot 50 was replaced by Asahi Sion 0.014 inch—180 cm (Asahi Intec Co. Ltd) as it is softer and has better trackability. We blindly negotiated the guidewire through collaterals of the venous circulation retrogradely and finally were able to enter the body of the CS. Then micro-guide catheter Finecross 130 cm/1.8Fr (Terumo Corporation) was inserted through the guidewire and advanced further until we were able to reach near (1 cm from) the ostium of the delivery sheath at the proximal end of the CS. Then, the tip of the guidewire was pointed to the ostium of the delivery sheath and further advanced into it. Once the guidewire was inside the delivery sheath, we advanced it deep into the sheath and the micro-guide catheter is also advanced using the wire as its rail. Subsequently, guidewire Asahi Sion was replaced with Fielder FC 0.014 inch —300 cm (Asahi Intec Co. Ltd). Advancing the tip of the wire in the micro-guide catheter, we re-entered the delivery sheath and crossed the main CS ostium through it forming a complete loop with externalization. Then, the tip of the micro-guide catheter was pulled back retrogradely What's new? † Retrograde approach for implantation of left ventricular pacing lead in anterolateral branch of coronary sinus (CS) using collaterals and externalization via CS ostium through one delivery sheath with the support of commonly used micro-guide catheter. † This new technique obviated the need for snare and is being reported for the first time.up to the distal end of posterolateral branch. A 4Fr bipolar LV pacing lead (Medtronic Attain Ability 4196, 88 cm, Medtronic Inc.) was inserted into the distal end of the guidewire antegradely and advanced further until the distal end of anterolateral branch of CS. With the lead in place, the wire was first pulled back into the microguide catheter and then both the wire and the catheter were removed retrogradely. Pacing and sensing thresholds were satisfactory without phrenic stimulation. The steps we followed are represented schematically in (A–F). The right atrial and the right ventricular leads were placed successfully as per normal protocol. Final leads' positions are shown inthe several interventional techniques adapted to meet the challenges of device implantation in the 21st century. Ideal positioning of LV lead is technically demanding. In our case posterolateral vein was initially considered appropriate for the placement site, but it failed because of high pacing threshold and persistent phrenic nerve stimulation and even a 4Fr lead could not be further advanced to the desired position in this vein. It might be due to the fact that most collateral circulatory pathways are thin, curved, and tortuous. It prompted us to change our strategy and go through the collaterals blindly and finally LV lead placement in the anterolateral vein was successfully performed retrogradely. Multiple techniques worth mentioning were used in our case. We managed to engage acute-angulated posterolateral vein with a commonly used JR4/5Fr catheter. We used an angioplasty floppy wire into a vein providing collaterals to the target vein and advancing the wire retrogradely into it via collaterals forming a complete loop with externalization with the help of micro-guide catheter only. This innovative approach obviated the need for snare technique to capture the distal end of the guidewire. The approach utilized in this case for re-entering the main CS ostium with the support of micro-guide catheter is simple, relatively easier, and cost-effective. Furthermore, it is to be noted that a floppy wire can be advanced through the collaterals of the venous circulation more readily than an extra support wire of the same tip construction because the support required for the LV lead advancement is obtained by traction created in the loop. This case illustrates that meticulous study of venous branching pattern including collaterals can be very helpful in successful LV lead placement and externalization via the CS ostium. It can be effectively performed without snare technique with the help of commonly used micro-guide catheter when antegrade route is not successful. Sometimes even when some of the collaterals are not visible in balloon occlusion venography, it does not always mean it is absent. It is worthwhile to negotiate the CS anatomy blindly by a skilled operator. Conflict of interest: none declared.more clearly seen in LAO projection and is distinguishable between anterolateral and anteroseptal branches. Right atrial lead (a), right ventricular lead (b), and LV lead (c). LV lead positioning in CRT 