The patient was a 78-year-old Danish man with 24 hours' duration of pain, swelling and redness of his left dorsalis pedis. He had fever and was confused. His previous history included gastroenteritis after having shrimps with his wife. She also had gastroenteritis. The general practitioner prescribed antibiotics but after initiating medication the patient became unconscious and his wife called for emergency assistance. His past medical history included bipolar disorder, multiple myeloma, osteoporosis, earlier pituitary tumor and development of frontotemporal dementia. On physical examination, his Glasgow Coma Score (GCS) was 3, blood pressure was 79/38mmHg, heart rate was 115 beats/minute and oxygen saturation was 60%. His respiratory rate was 40 breaths/minute and his temperature was 39°C. In the ambulance he was treated with metaoxedrine, epinephrine, clemastine, oxygen and isotonic sodium chloride. When entering our emergency room he was awake and had GCS 9, blood pressure 87/ 43mmHg, pulse 110 beats/minute, oxygen saturation 90% and respiratory rate 35 breaths/minute. Blood samples were initially collected from a vein using two aerobic and one anaerobic BacT/ALERT® plastic collection bottles at the time of arrival at the hospital (6 February 2014 9.00 a.m.). After that he was treated with methylprednisolone, ciprofloxacin and meropenem. Arterial blood gas showed a pH 7.11, lactate 4.8mmol/L, oxygen partial pressure arterial 11.9kPa, carbon dioxide partial pressure arterial 3.4kPa, bicarbonate 17mmol/L and hemoglobin 4.2mmol/L. The plastic collection bottles were analyzed in a BacT/ALERT® 3D system (colorimetric technology, bioMérieux), 35°C. He was transferred to our acute medical unit and on arrival he rapidly went hypotensive again and developed a cardiac arrest. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was performed, epinephrine was administered and return of spontaneous circulation was observed after 2 minutes. Sedation and intubation was performed and he was transferred to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU). A nurse observed diffuse redness on his left foot, high temperature, petechiae and pain. His right lower leg had petechiae too and minor edema. C-reactive protein (CRP) was 175mg/L, white blood cells 1.0×10 9 /L, platelets 56×10 9 /L and the treatment with meropenem and ciprofloxacin continued combined with metronidazole and fluconazole. A cardiac echo revealed ejection fraction >55%, a minor mitral valve deficiency and a well-preserved left ventricle. Treatment with inotropic agents was initiated, using norepinephrine because of volume-resistant hypotension and decreased urine output. The next day an orthopedic surgeon assessed the patient and took him to our operating room to perform acute surgery; the patient's leg was suspicious of necrotizing fasciitis. On his left foot there was redness, bullae, cyanotic toes and there was no palpable pulse in the arteria dorsalis pedis. Microscopic examination conducted in our laboratory of clinical microbiology found Gram-negative bacteria after Gram-stained smears in all samples from the patient. The treatment with meropenem and metronidazole continued. His CRP was 284mg/L. The next day our laboratory of clinical microbiology identified Vibrio metschnikovii in all his blood samples using matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-offlight mass spectrometry. There was a 99.9% match score by Basic Local Alignment Search Tool that the bacillus was Vibrio Metschnikovii. The result was confirmed by polymerase chain reaction and DNA analysis with 500 base pairs using the FAST MicroSeq® 500 16S rDNA Bacterial Identification System kit (Applied Biosystems). They suggested treatment with meropenem and piperacillin/tazobactam since the antibiotic susceptibility tests found the bacillus to be sensitive to these antibiotics. The bacillus was resistant to ampicillin. His CRP was 318mg/L. He went to surgery and wound necrosis was found on top of vital tissue. Treatment with ciprofloxacin was cancelled and the next step was either treatment with vacuumassisted closure (VAC) system or in worst case amputation. His CRP was 262mg/L. The following days his CRP decreased, this urine output increased and at that time the only antibiotic he was taking was piperacillin/tazobactam. The wound healing improved day by day, but he remained somnolent and needed mechanical ventilation. A tracheostomy was established 13 days after admission and he slowly improved during the following days of weaning from the ventilator. During this period he underwent surgical revision twice. Piperacillin/tazobactam was discontinued and the tracheostomy was replaced with an uncuffed tube as he now could manage spontaneous respiration. He was transferred from ICU to our medical department 20 days after admission to our hospital. A VAC system was established on his left foot and split-skin transplantation was performed 5 weeks after admission to our hospital. He was still in hospital 3 months after admission. 